(water burbling)
- If I died now,
I don't think Ren would
die with me anymore.
But that's good.
That's the way it should be.
I must be crazy for
thinking that's sad.
(knocking on door)
- Sorry to bother you!
I'm from the room next door.
(eerie sound effect)
- I think she's
hyperventilating.
- I was wondering,
do you have a plastic or
paper bag I could use?
- You don't have one?
A paper bag works best.
If you don't use a plastic bag
right,
you could make things
worse for her.
- Uh... really?
How should I get her
to use it, anyway?
I mean, she's never
hyperventilated before.
You seem to know a lot about
this.
Can someone who's not a doctor
do this?
- Yeah, I do it by myself.
It's best if you get
her to lie on her back
and then loosely cover her nose
and mouth
with the opening of the bag.
(melancholy music)
Like this.
Have her take a deep breath.
(inhaling deeply)
It'll make her feel better.
- It's a living hell.
- Thanks. I'll try it out.
- I don't think you have to
freak out.
That guy who's in
there with her,
he seems kind of like a
tranquilizer.
- Tranquilizer?
- I was jealous before,
so I was mean to her.
Tell her I'm sorry.
(Nana breathing erratically)
- I finally started
breathing again.
It was like I was dragged up
from the bottom of the seat.
Yasu's chest smelled sweet.
Like Blast cigarettes.
- I'm not going anywhere.
(water burbling)
(tires screeching)
- Hey, Ginpei, how you doing?
- Where's Nana?
- Room 602.
- How is she doing?
Did you call Dr. Azuma?
- Take it easy.
She's probably just
hyperventilating.
The same thing as what
happened to Miu.
(Ginpei gasps)
(mysterious music)
- [Ginpei] That's horrible.
- [Nana] The security guard
didn't call an ambulance.
He called the agency.
Ginpei rushed over and
drove me to a hospital
where there was a
doctor the agency knew.
(melancholy music)
By the time we got there,
it was pretty late
and I was back to normal,
but they gave me a
checkup just in case.
- Hyperkinetic syndrome.
Usually, we call it
hyperventilation.
- So what does that mean?
- It's like the word indicates.
When you breathe too much, too
quickly,
the level of carbon
dioxide in your blood decreases,
causing the attack.
- The level of carbon dioxide
in my blood?
- Nana, please be quiet
and listen.
- Your attack subsided
while breathing into
the paper bag
because you were inhaling
carbon dioxide.
This is called the
paper bag method, which-
- Hey doc, I don't need
all the details, 'kay?
Just tell me what my problem is.
Is it my lungs?
- Well, no.
- Then is it my blood?
- Your blood's fine.
- Then it must be
because I smoked
when I was still on the pill.
But I thought that
when you're young,
a little bit is all right.
- A little.
- It isn't good for your health.
You run the risk of
getting thrombosis.
- I know, I know.
But I just can't stop myself.
I'm hopeless.
- Maybe he could take
on the responsibility
for the contraception.
- Uh, I'm not...
(Nana gasps)
- No, Dr. Azuma. You've
got it all wrong.
Yasu belongs to me!
- Oh, excuse me.
In any case, nothing bad
showed up in your examination.
So there's no need to worry.
- What?!
I was in so much pain,
I thought I'd die!
Did you examine me
properly, you quack?
- Nana...
- No need to get
upset, Miss Osaki.
Hyperventilation can be
caused by strenuous exercise,
or it can also occur when you're
feeling anxious or nervous.
- But Dr. Ozuma, what
are we supposed to do
if she's always like that?
(Nana sighs)
- How can I get better?
- Well, we have no idea if
an attack will happen again.
It's best just not to
worry about it.
- (gasps) That's impossible.
There's no way I can't
worry about it.
I mean, I'm a singer.
When we play live shows,
I move around a lot and
it is strenuous.
I just can't risk having
another attack
when I'm on stage.
Please do something!
- Well, as this is a
stress-related problem,
it really is outside
of my field.
If you're concerned about this,
then I suggest you see
a psychiatrist.
(Nana gasps)
I'll write you a referral if you
like.
- A psychiatrist?
- Very nice, Dr. Azuma!
You always take such good care
of us!
(Nobu sighs)
(Shinichi gasps)
- She's coming out.
- What the hell are you two
doing here?
- I see you're back to normal.
(Yasu chuckles)
- Nana, are you
feeling all right?
What did the doctor say?
(cheerful sound effect)
- Well, we already knew that I'm
nuts.
(Nana cries out in pain)
- That hurt, man!
- Yeah, right.
Your skull is way too thick.
It won't even crack.
- Don't hit me!
- It's a symptom of
these modern times.
Everyone has to deal with
varying degrees of stress.
We're living in a messed
up world.
(somber music)
You are just more
sensitive than other people
and there's nothing
wrong with that.
- [Nana] But I hate myself
whenever I'm weak like this.
I can't stand being
who I am anymore.
So why are these guys
not giving up on me?
They have guts.
- Aw man, we just got back,
so how come we have
so much work to?
- Because going to the UK
wasn't in our schedule.
Now stop whining.
- Sorry about that.
- No, it's not your fault at
all, Ren,
'cause I really don't think
we had to go all the way to the
UK.
Huh?
What are you doing?
Get your filthy hands off of
that!
- Filthy?
My lighter just died and
that is a lighter, isn't it?
(Reira gasps)
- What?
- That thing's really a lighter?
Wow. It's so freaking big!
- Dumbass.
When you saw Shin using
it at the after party,
you said the exact same thing.
Don't you remember?
- Huh? Shin from Blast?
- He said it was a rare
collectors' item.
- Is that right?
Well, I hope that lighter
you've got there isn't Shin's.
- It's not his.
- Then why are you
carrying around a lighter
everywhere you go when
you don't even smoke?
- A fan gave it to me and I like
it, okay?
- It's no fair that you
get such cool stuff.
I only get stuffed animals.
My whole room's full of them.
You actually keep
all that stuff?
- Ren, gimme your lighter.
(phone chimes)
(Reira gasps)
(gentle downbeat music)
- [Nana] Saying I was
busy was just an excuse.
I think Ren was in the same
boat,
but I was scared that if
I heard his voice
I might have another one
of those attacks.
It really sucked.
(upbeat rock music)
- Good morning, everyone.
All right. Here's the schedule
for today.
This morning, you are gonna
be doing a promo shoot-
- Porno?
- A promo shoot.
- For the studio.
- Oh.
In the afternoon,
we've got three music magazine
interviews
and I'd like to remind you
to please be professional
at all times.
We always wanna leave
a good impression.
I know you're supposed to
be rebels,
but remember that's
just your image.
Also, if you get any questions
about your private life,
just don't answer them.
At seven, we'll meet
at Gaia's head office
with the event organizers
about the outdoor shows.
At nine, we've got practice
at the Kagudazaka studio.
How long that'll take
depends on Matsuo's mood.
And that's about all we've got
for today.
It's not as packed as I thought.
- Not as packed as you thought?
Nana's still recovering,
you know!
- Not a problem at all.
- Then let's hit it.
We can eat breakfast
while we're in the car.
- Hell yeah. I'm starving.
The busier I was,
the better I felt.
- This is your stylist, Masaru.
- How you guys doing?
- Nice to meet you.
- [Nana] When we were
totally immersed in work,
I felt good.
So I didn't think I needed
to see a psychiatrist.
- I'm not gonna change your
image much.
You've already got a distinct
style.
- That's for sure!
Bondage will be the new "in"
thing!
(energetic rock music)
- [Nana] There were so
many people involved
in the release of our
debut single.
I couldn't remember their
names for the life of me.
- No personal questions?
At least tell me what
your hobbies are.
- Mah-jong.
- That was quick!
(Nobu laughs)
- [Nana] Getting along
with people isn't my forte,
but I think I handled it well.
- Sir, I'm so hungry I
can't hit the high notes.
- Don't blame it on your
stomach!
One more time!
- Hey, sly old fox.
How you doin'?
What tricks do you have
up your sleeve today?
(man snickers)
- Nana...
- Looking good! Hold that pose!
- Are you gonna tell
Misato about the live show?
- We're playing on a weekday.
- She has midterm exams
soon, right?
If you tell her, she
just might flunk.
- I wonder she'll ever
be able to graduate.
- Guys, you can't tell
anyone about the shows!
- [Nana] I felt that if
I saw Hachi right then,
I'd be able to laugh
and talk to her like we used to.
I even felt that I could
listen to her
talk about Takumi
and the baby.
But there was absolutely
no time for that.
- (groans) I'm beat.
But if I don't do my
laundry today,
I'll run outta
clothes to wear.
I've gotta break the
lease on my apartment.
I'm just wasting money on it.
Wow, I wish someone would
take care of that for me.
I can do my laundry too, but
all my stuff won't fit here.
Maybe I could send it
over to my parents' place,
but I bet my dad's still
pissed off at me.
- But when Blast debuts, I
bet they'll be so thrilled!
(sighs)
(elevator bell dings)
- Oh, how's it going?
Hey, listen.
Do you mind if I ask you
something?
- Yeah?
- I was just wondering about
the hyperventilation thing.
You probably don't wanna
talk about it, do you?
I'm sorry.
- It's all right.
What is it?
(Nobu sighs)
- Someone working at
the record label told me
that if Nana has another attack,
she'll get even worse
if the people around
her freak out.
So I'm supposed to stay calm
and act like nothing's wrong.
I can see how that makes sense.
And I guess the doctor said
pretty much the same thing,
so maybe that's the
right thing to do,
but wouldn't it make
you feel bad
if everyone around you
is acting normal
when you're suffering?
The thing is, I don't know
if I could remain calm.
Somehow I doubt it.
(Miu laughs gently)
- It doesn't matter if
you're around people
who are calm or anxious.
You'll be okay
as long as you feel
their compassion for you.
- Huh.
(gentle piano music)
- I don't know about other
people
but that's pretty much
how I'd feel.
(Nobu sighs)
- I get the feeling
I just asked something a
normal person should know.
(gasps)
Oh, wow. Are you reading
a script for a movie?
Are you an actress?
- Well, sort of.
- I'm sorry. I didn't know.
- It's okay.
It's not like I'm a big
name or anything.
This is just a small part
in a straight-to-video.
- Yeah? What's the title?
I'll watch it when it comes out.
- Tanki na Onna.
- A mahjong movie?!
I love mahjong
even though I always get stuck
in tanki.
(Miu giggles)
Hey, can I ask you
one more question?
- [Miu] What's that?
- [Nobu] What's your name?
(melancholy music)
- [Nana] I wonder how
many people in this city
know my name right now.
(crowd chattering)
- [Girl] Hey, do you think
somebody's gonna play here?
- It's probably some singer
nobody knows.
- I wish it was Trapnest.
I could never manage to
get hold of a ticket.
- Like that'll ever happen.
Anyway, Yuji and the guys
invited us to karaoke.
Wanna go?
- [Girl] Sure, but only if
they're paying.
- Hey, Kawano.
We're all ready to
take the stage.
- All right. Show time.
Go crazy and wow them.
(dynamic rock music)
- (gasping) Nana!
(rock music continuing)
- Hey, that's Nana's band Blast!
- For real!
- It's Nana!
- I just hate her!
You suck, Nana!
- I can't tell who the
hired plants are.
Looks like more people
know us than I thought.
I should have known.
Ren's practically a
household name.
I guess that means
I don't have to waste
time on introductions.
Thanks, paparazzi. Much
appreciated.
("Lucy" by Anna Tsuchiya
playing)
October 10th, 2001 at
7:00 PM in Shinjuku.
Luck, fate, who knows what
brought all of us here
to this place.
Just be thankful for it,
you losers.
- Hey, Hachi.
It's kind of far back
but it is the safest
VIP seat in the house.
I wonder if your baby
can hear me singing too.
- Hey, everyone, and good
morning.
It's Friday, October 26th
and it's time for Music J.
We're gonna start things off
right for you
with Trapnest's new
single, "Shadow of Love."
(gentle piano melody)
- [Nana] I wanna wear the
same wedding dress as Reira.
- Huh?
- You know, the dress she
wears in the music video.
It's so beautiful!
That's the dress I want.
Could they make me the same one?
- But you already ordered
the wedding dress.
If you change your mind now,
you're gonna make
the designer cry.
- But I want it.
Maybe I can make it
my third dress.
- That's a bit much.
Besides, it's not the
dress that's pretty.
It's Reira.
(Nana gasps)
It wouldn't look good on you.
Forget about it.
- You and Reira have
something going on.
I just knew it!
- No, we don't.
And what do you mean,
"I knew it"?
- Hey, Miu! Good morning!
Oh, calcium.
Give me a swig.
- Hey, Nobu.
Why do you keep calling me Miu?
My name is Miu.
- Your name is just so
hard to pronounce.
Besides, it's a cute nickname.
- That's what everyone says.
And no one wants to
call me by my real name.
I like my real name.
Oh, well.
- What? No one does?
Then only I will call you Miu.
(Nana yawns loudly)
- So are you guys off today?
- No, we're gonna be on
a music show tonight.
So we gotta practice.
- [Miu] That's rough.
You guys just got here.
- We've only been living
in the dorm for a month
and Nobu's already getting
cozy with the girl next door.
What was the point of switching
rooms with him anyway?
It would be better
if he was fooling around
with Miss Yuri.
How does everyone move
on so easily
from one person to the next?
Until recently, all he'd say
was,
"Hachi,
Hachi, Hachi."
Hachi is the same way.
They're all such fools.
But it'd be cruel to force Nobu
into a relationship that
isn't going anywhere.
I have no right to do
that, but it just sucks.
(eerie music)
Oh God. Not again.
I can't breathe.
(Nana hyperventilating)
- Huh?
- Morning. Going somewhere?
To get your hair cut?
- Uh, no, I need to meet with
Mr. Kawano,
so I'm taking off a bit early.
You look pale, Nana.
Are you all right?
- I'm fine, dude.
(Yasu chuckles)
(gentle piano music)
I can't keep Yasu in
unrequited love limbo.
So why did I go ahead and
move in next door to him?
That was pretty cruel of me too.
I think one reason I didn't
wanna get back with Ren
is because I could feel Yasu's
extraordinary love for me.
But in the end I was swept away.
I guess I'm one of
those fools too.
I'll use the paper bag
just in case,
especially 'cause today's
a big day.
I managed to survive
without Ren before,
but if Yasu wasn't there for me,
I'd be completely lost.
I've got to end it.
The next time I see Ren,
I won't get swept away.
- It's been a while
since we played on live TV.
The fans must be so psyched
and I bet the ratings are
gonna be out of this world!
- Of course the ratings
will be good.
They're throwing us
in the pit together.
But even if they pick a fight,
I'm not gonna fight back.
- What are you talking about?
There's no violence
here, Takumi.
- Blast is on the show tonight!
(Reira gasps)
- Hey, Hachi.
I always thought life was like
swimming against the current
no matter how strong it was.
But going with the flow isn't
such a bad thing after all
as long as you're
moving forward.